Bulk Implementation (#36611)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/spring/azure-spring-data-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

### 3.39.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

#### Features Added

> * Changed Spring and Reactive Spring repository functionality to use bulk operations for `SaveAll` and `DeleteAll` functions - See [PR 36611](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36611).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Spring and Reactive Spring repository `saveAll` and `deleteAll` APIs to use bulk functionality implementation - See [PR 36611](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36611).
```
